[DM-4670] - bulk device operation change logs (#3397)
SoftwareAG/c8y-docs: content/change-logs/device-management/cumulocity-2025-186-0-bulk-device-operations-delay-fix.md

---
date: 

> title: Fixed bulk device operations delay

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: Fixed issue in bulk device operations delay
```

change_type:
  - value: change-VSkj2iV9m
    label: Fix
product_area: Device management & connectivity
component:
  - value: component--KIsStyzM
    label: Device Management app
build_artifact:
  - value: tc-QHwMfWtBk7
    label: cumulocity
ticket: DM-4670
version: 2025.186.0
---

> When bulk device operation was executed later than expected (i.e. because of core restart), it was executed on all devices at once not respecting configured delay time. This problem is now fixed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If bulk device operations were executed later than expected (for example, due to a core restart), they were executed on all devices at once, not respecting the configured delay time. This issue has now been fixed.
```

Reviewer 2: To correct both the meaning as well as the wording I'd suggest this:
```suggestion
When bulk device operation is resumed after a failure scenario the mechanism previously scheduled the remaining operations from the original scheduling date. This meant that the configured delay was no longer respected in these scenarios and the operations were created as quickly as possible. This has been corrected by scheduling remaining operations with the configured form the time the operation is resumed instead.
```
